Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello.
Okay.
Hello.
My name is Akshay. I'm from Pune. I have completed my Bachelor of Engineering from Pune University.
And I have a career experience in the American Power Centre and career experience in ISS.
And my other technical skills are in the American Power Centre, ISS, SQL, data warehousing, Control M.
I have experience in two domains, retail and insurance.
So I'm currently working, currently I'm working in Capgemini, Pune as the associate consultant.
Okay.
It's four years.
So have you worked on ISS?
Yeah. So in my current project, I work in Parmatica as well as the ISS.
So it's nearby to there.
So suppose in Parmatica, firstly we can use the big data.
So suppose you need to, data is received, this data is not clean.
So firstly we clean this all data by using in Parmatica.
Otherwise, as per the business logic, we can easily transfer the data source to target in Parmatica.
As per business logic, we filter out the data and source to target.
Okay.
So suppose firstly we load the whole data in target and suppose in new data it's coming in your source,
at that time we won't reload the new record in target like that.
Right?
Okay.
So suppose you use in, suppose for example, sorry, in my current project I use in, I work in a schedule tool using Lookup.
Okay. Like what was the scenario it was being used, why it was used in a code?
Yeah. So in Lookup, I am using firstly in active, active flag is yes in this filter condition.
And after that we add the some condition like look up employee ID equal to source employee ID like that.
So it will perform by like a left outer join.
So it will compare the data source and target.
Okay.
So if you are doing the incremental load, then obviously we need a Lookup or this left outer join as well, right?
Yes. Yes. Because we need to mean source to target.
We need to compare of the both columns.
So target this column is available.
So then don't load. Otherwise it's not available then load.
So in current currently, yes, I am working with ISA development as well.
So we can firstly develop in dev and after that we testing for this all data.
And after this actually in our team.
So one so in dev totally testing it's done in my file.
And after that one it's a business is business is approval for this.
So after that we deploy this mapping in dev for in QA and QA this mapping is run.
So after that QA team is testing for this data.
And after it's resolved business signup is received and after testing team is signup is received.
Then we move the production QA to production deployment.
Okay. So how do you generally share your deployment objects to the people who deploy?
I am not a part of this team. So I am just developing.
So suppose we need to deploy any firstly dev to QA.
Then I am mailed to this team. And so this mapping also this workflow we can deploy the QA to.
So yeah. Got it. So what kind of objects you generally share with the team who do this deployment?
We have the power center mapping. So that time I shared a folder name.
Okay. As well as a mapping name, workflow name and some job name control M folder name control M subfolder name.
So like that all information I shared in this team.
And as well as suppose you have one ISA job. So that time you can share the related.
This is a related task flow. Otherwise mapping task you have created.
So share this in other team.
Okay.
Yeah. Suppose in database you can find the duplicate. So using row ID. Otherwise,
otherwise correlated subquery. Otherwise you can group by in all column that you can easily find out this way to find the duplicate value.
Okay.
Can I type where or you can you can use the.
You can say select. So suppose you can use the row ID. So that time you can select some like select star from a table name.
So after that fair row ID in bracket select max row ID from table name.
And group by, for example, and ID in bracket complete after that order by employee ID.
So that that query you can only duplicate unique records in our target table, but only employee ID.
Actually, in current project, I am not to work, but I am aware of some basic commands in Unix.
Okay. Yes.
So parameters means you can parameter you can assign.
So in your in your mapping so you can use the source source source connection target connection.
So database connection that was otherwise filter any filter connection in the SQL query that is.
Handled by the parameter.
Okay.
So actually, I am incremental load I am using so long time ago, so I am not remember that is the main issue.
I will check this up into you. So this scenario.
Okay.
In power center, we can directly run the run the workflow.
So just right click on the workflow and just run now.
So I mean, I guess we can you we can suppose you you can run any task flow that time.
It's about the right side of it. So optionable run.
So we can click this. And after that, we check the monitoring.
Monitoring that and you can easily show. So which job it's running now.
Okay.
I am not.
I think it's the IBM. It's another one.
Talent.
Okay.
Most things about that.
That Germany is a total experience in one year and nine month.
Okay.
So you said.
So can possible.
So that time.
Nice.
One power center task is available.
So you can export the firstly export the power center workflow and you can import this power center task in ISS.
And after that, we can change the your source and target connection.
In ISS and run this task.
So I use the S32.
And so suppose you can any scenario like we can need to the update insert or delete the record.
That time I use the update transformation and router.
Suppose you have the multiple multi US receiving any source and you want to the support multiple target table.
You want like one to 10 sequence in one target table and to 26 in another target table.
That time I I use the router transformation.
Okay.
Store procedure means actually.
So I in this project I help to means some existed a job.
Existing development job.
It's running production.
Okay.
So in that time it's due to some issue with one job.
So in this job we call the one procedure that time I handle this procedure.
So.
Overclock service.
Okay.
I think one option is API that time I think this you.
So.
Right.
Makes.
Yes.
If you are involved in the independent project will you be able to manage and lead actually in.
So can you are asked in current my current project.
So.
Our folk deal is not present in some to some emergency deal side or the right to do some medical research that time already.
So to pressure.
In our teams.
So I so I say I'll saying that some instruction to this to project.
Otherwise I.
I.
I.
Provide me some tasks to this to pressure people.
So I already want to see.
Manage and I will improve this thing to in definitely.
So I definitely I will work on this.
Okay.
Actually my previous project is the development to and one is support development.
So then I work like anything no problem.
I will work.
Anything any project.
It's migration deployment development or support.
Okay.
So.
Working as well as a list area.
Okay.
So actually in in current project some statics are available.
So suppose they any job seats longer.
Running for production jobs that time we need to execute this.
Otherwise we need to some analysis support.
So we need to do some analysis support.
So we need to do some analysis support.
So we need to do some analysis support.
Otherwise we need to some analysis support all this.
All stored procedures.
Using data.
So suppose any data is mismatched that time I use the analysis this store procedure while using data.
Okay.
But I am.
Okay.
So this part also you need to explore.
So definitely I will.
So currently I am.
Learning.
Started learning.
Casual data factory.
Okay.
So in UDMI.
By UDMI.
So actually.
So many things.
I am need to improve some basic thing.
Firstly in ISS or API.
So this is the main thing I firstly improve in related my knowledge.
So after that we will start to learn as well.
Okay.
But definitely I will learn.
So I will learn to relate.
Okay.
So.
So daily it's a call party.
It's one client call.
So one is related to Jira.
So which writes are sent.
Currently.
So we discuss this all the Jira and support you need to any any help to client.
So that time we.
We confirm the.
First business.
So I am available.
I am need to the some.
Some help for the Jira or so I need for.
More information to the Jira.
So that time I set up the call to as per availability business to call.
To business and we.
This is all things that are related to this Jira or development like that.
Okay.
Okay.
So the camera.
Okay.
11.
Okay.
Okay.
It's a good suggestion for me.
I will improve my.